Let's start with the fundamental question. What is a Porsche brand ambassador? At your level,
you're not just a technician anymore. You're a brand ambassador. This means that in every
customer interaction, whether in person on the phone or through video, you represent Porsche,
not just your dealership, Porsche itself. So what does that actually encompass?
First, your technical expertise, your forthcoming gold level diagnostic capabilities
and deep knowledge of Porsche systems. That's the foundation, but it's not the whole picture.
It also includes your professionalism, how you present yourself, how you communicate,
and your attention to detail and everything you do. Your communication skills matter.
Can you explain complex technical concepts clearly? Do you build customer confidence?
Can you manage their expectations effectively? Your appearance and demeanor count.
Are you presenting yourself professionally? Are you approachable yet confident?
Do you show respect for customer concerns even when they seem minor to you?
And finally, your passion for the brand. Your enthusiasm for Porsche engineering.
Your pride in your work and your commitment to excellence. Customers can feel whether you're
just doing a job or whether you truly care about what you do. All of these elements
together make you a brand ambassador. And that's the standard you're being held to
as an advanced technician.